update sitl call commands (#2060)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: dev/source/docs/sitl-native-on-windows.rst

      
#. Open a Cygwin64 terminal from the start menu

> #. Navigate and call ``sim_vehicle.py`` to start SITL.  If you get a windows security alert for the the firewall, allow the connection. Specify a vehicle type after ``-v`` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Call ``sim_vehicle.py`` to start SITL.  If you get a Windows security alert for the the firewall, allow the connection. Specify a vehicle type (ArduCopter | ArduPlane | APMrover2 | ArduSub) after ``-v`` parameter.
```

   ::

       cd ~/ardupilot/Tools/autotest

>        ./sim_vehicle.py --map --console -v ArduCopter

Reviewer: ```bash
       cd ~/ardupilot
       ./Tools/autotest/sim_vehicle.py  -v ArduCopter --map --console
```

This is my personal preference. Executing SITL will create several files and hiding them away in autotest folder doesn't seem the best option to me.

Author: Applyed your propose... It's almost the same as by @peterbarker
